## Reflection PID

Influence of three control terms of proportional, integral and derivative  on the controller output:
* Term **P** is proportional to the current value of the SP (desired setpoint) − PV (process variable) error e_t (error value). For example, if the error is large and positive, the control output will be proportionately large and positive, taking into account the gain factor. Using proportional control alone will result in an error between the setpoint and the actual process value, because it requires an error to generate the proportional response. If there is no error, there is no corrective response.
* Term **I** accounts for past values of the SP − PV error and integrates them over time to produce the I term. For example, if there is a residual SP − PV error after the application of proportional control, the integral term seeks to eliminate the residual error by adding a control effect due to the historic cumulative value of the error. When the error is eliminated, the integral term will cease to grow. This will result in the proportional effect diminishing as the error decreases, but this is compensated for by the growing integral effect.
* Term **D** is a best estimate of the future trend of the SP − PV error, based on its current rate of change. It is sometimes called "anticipatory control", as it is effectively seeking to reduce the effect of the SP − PV error by exerting a control influence generated by the rate of error change. The more rapid the change, the greater the controlling or dampening effect.

By successive selection of hyperparameters (I, D and P), it was possible to achieve satisfactory control of the car (steering). With the help of the basic algorithm, the car is controlled within the lane but quite hard, therefore, for a smoother movement, it is necessary to modify the algorithm (e.g. use widdle, SGD or something else).

The final initial parameters with which it was possible to achieve a satisfactory movement of the car:
**Kp_ = 0.14, Ki_ = 0.00018, Kd_ = 2.85** 

Video shows the movement of the car when implementing the basic algorithm: 
__https://github.com/bogdan-kovalchuk/CarND-PID-Control-Project/blob/master/video/video.avi__